You can do several things to change the how the reading view looks.
You can make the footnote columns in the margins smaller
or larger,
depending on whether you want to focus on the text
or the footnotes.
Or if you would prefer to read the texts one on top of the other
instead of side-by-side,
you can click on the row icon above the texts.
Then, you can click this icon to expand all texts
to show the whole text
and this icon
to bring all text windows back to their original size,
where you may have to scroll to read the whole text.
You can then click on the column symbol
to return to the side-by-side view.
And, as always, to close one of these texts,
simply click on the X symbol in the upper right-hand corner.